fix(curriculum): add check for closing tag in calorie counter step 9 (#52748)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-form-validation-by-building-a-calorie-counter/63b60aaaa65f8922bfce6b7e.md

assert.equal(document.querySelector('.controls > span > select')?.getAttribute('name'), 'options');
```

> Your `select` element should empty and close with `</select>` tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your `select` element should be empty and have a closing `</select>` tag.
```

```js
assert.equal(document.querySelector('.controls > span > select')?.innerHTML, '');

> ```

Author: Yes, but if we trim the whitespaces this following code will not throw actual error
```
<div class="controls">
            <span>
              <label for="entry-dropdown">Add food or exercise:</label>
              <select id="entry-dropdown" name="options" />
              <button id="add-entry" type="button">Add Entry</button>
            </span>
          </div>
```
the browser will add `</select>` and ignore the button element, output like this
```
<div class="controls">
            <span>
              <label for="entry-dropdown">Add food or exercise:</label>
              <select id="entry-dropdown" name="options" >
             
         Add Entry

         </select>
            </span>
          </div>
```
that is why I didn't use trim, the user forced to close the tag like this
```
<select id="entry-dropdown" name="options" ></select>
```
any other solutions?
